---
layout: default
title: Databases
parent: Year 1 Semester 2
permalink: /year-1-semester-2/database/
---
#Database
Today’s business organisations depend on information systems in virtually all aspects of their businesses. Corporate databases are set up to hold the voluminous business transactions generated by these information systems. This module introduces students to the underlying concepts of database systems and how to model and design database systems that reflect business requirements. Students will be taught how to analyse data needs, model the relationships amongst the data entities, apply the normalisation process to relations and create the physical database. Skills taught include data modelling technique, transformation of data model to relations, normalisation technique and SQL (Structured Query Language).
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }
---
Today’s business organisations depend on information systems in virtually all aspects of their businesses. Corporate databases are set up to hold the voluminous business transactions generated by these information systems. This module introduces students to the underlying concepts of database systems and how to model and design database systems that reflect business requirements. Students will be taught how to analyse data needs, model the relationships amongst the data entities, apply the normalisation process to relations and create the physical database. Skills taught include data modelling technique, transformation of data model to relations, normalisation technique and SQL (Structured Query Language).
---
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all" href="../../css.css" />
TABLE OF CONTENTS
* [SQL](#sql-notes)
* [Logical Database Notes](#logical-database-notes)
* Final Assignment(#final-assignment)
## SQL Notes
<iframe src="../../SQL-Notes.pdf" class="pdf"></iframe>
## Logical Database Notes
<iframe src="../../SQL-Notes.pdf" class="pdf"></iframe>
## Final Assignment
<iframe src="../../DB-P03-Assignment02.pdf" class="pdf"></iframe>